No, Your Majesty is poisonous.
She also put poison in it.
Your Majesty, what's wrong with you?
Your Majesty has been poisoned, please declare
Doctor!
There's no need to send the doctor here.
Why not declare y
You are the one who wants to kill the Emperor.
Go.
Bring this girl-loving harem to me and cut it down.
Waiting for me to save you.
What about punishing me again?
Pearl
Hello friend.
The exquisite dragon body
You want to rest assured.
Your Majesty is about to wake up.
Oh.
Oh, my lord.
Your Majesty.
If the emperor died at this time
Then the Four Horcruxes are no more.
Hill.
Come on.
Stop it, you're trying to kill the Emperor.
To honor your destiny.
Bring down the Four Horcruxes.
This one.
The emperor is dying.
Now this harem
The bow decided.
In the nest of the other bird was lowered by the bow crane red peak.
The Emperor will die.
Let Miao Sixi
Buried with the Emperor
3 2 1
Buried
Princess
We're not dead yet.
How dare you?